NAME                                         READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
NAME                                         READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
NAME                                         READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
NAME                                         READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
NAME                                         READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
NAME                                         READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh    0/1     Running             0          6s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
NAME                                         READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh    0/1     Running             0          7s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
NAME                                         READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9    0/1     Running             0          8s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          8s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          8s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh    0/1     Running             0          8s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          8s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Running             0          9s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     ContainerCreating   0          9s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          9s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      1/1     Terminating         0          9s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          9s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     ContainerCreating   0          10s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          10s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      1/1     Terminating         0          10s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          10s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      1/1     Terminating         0          11s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     ContainerCreating   0          11s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          11s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      1/1     Terminating         0          11s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          11s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      1/1     Terminating         0          12s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      1/1     Running             0          12s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          12s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      1/1     Terminating         0          12s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          12s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      1/1     Terminating         0          13s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      1/1     Terminating         0          13s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Running             0          13s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      1/1     Terminating         0          13s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          13s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      1/1     Terminating         0          14s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      1/1     Terminating         0          14s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     1/1     Running             0          14s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          14s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          14s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      1/1     Terminating         0          15s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      1/1     Terminating         0          15s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     1/1     Terminating         0          15s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          15s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Running             0          15s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          16s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      1/1     Terminating         0          16s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     1/1     Terminating         0          16s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          16s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Running             0          16s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          17s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      1/1     Terminating         0          17s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     1/1     Terminating         0          17s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          17s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Running             0          8s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     1/1     Running             0          17s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          19s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          8s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      1/1     Terminating         0          19s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     1/1     Terminating         0          19s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          19s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     1/1     Terminating         0          19s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          20s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          9s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      1/1     Terminating         0          20s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     1/1     Terminating         0          20s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          20s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Running             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     1/1     Terminating         0          20s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          21s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          21s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          8s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     1/1     Terminating         0          21s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          21s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   1/1     Running             0          12s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     1/1     Terminating         0          21s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          22s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   1/1     Running             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          22s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          9s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     1/1     Terminating         0          22s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          22s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   1/1     Running             0          13s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     1/1     Terminating         0          22s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          23s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   1/1     Running             0          12s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          23s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          23s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          8s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          23s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   1/1     Terminating         0          14s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     1/1     Terminating         0          23s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          24s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   1/1     Terminating         0          13s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          24s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Running             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          24s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          9s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          24s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   1/1     Terminating         0          15s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          24s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          25s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   1/1     Terminating         0          14s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          25s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   1/1     Running             0          12s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          25s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          25s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   1/1     Terminating         0          16s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          25s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          26s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   1/1     Terminating         0          15s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          26s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   1/1     Running             0          13s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          26s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Running             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          26s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   1/1     Terminating         0          17s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          26s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          8s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          27s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   1/1     Terminating         0          16s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          27s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   1/1     Terminating         0          14s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          27s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    1/1     Running             0          12s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          27s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   1/1     Terminating         0          18s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          27s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          9s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          28s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating         0          17s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          28s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   1/1     Terminating         0          15s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          28s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    1/1     Running             0          13s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          28s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating         0          19s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          28s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          10s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          29s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating         0          18s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          29s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   1/1     Terminating         0          16s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          29s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    1/1     Terminating         0          14s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          29s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating         0          20s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          29s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Running             0          11s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          30s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating         0          19s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          30s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating         0          17s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          30s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    1/1     Terminating         0          15s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    0/1     Running             0          8s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          30s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating         0          21s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          30s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   1/1     Running             0          12s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          8s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          31s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating         0          20s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          31s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating         0          18s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          31s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    1/1     Terminating         0          16s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running             0          9s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          31s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating         0          22s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          31s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   1/1     Terminating         0          13s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    0/1     Running             0          9s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          32s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating         0          21s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          32s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating         0          19s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          32s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    1/1     Terminating         0          17s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          32s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating         0          23s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          32s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   1/1     Terminating         0          14s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    0/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          33s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating         0          22s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          33s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating         0          20s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          33s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating         0          18s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          33s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating         0          24s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          33s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   1/1     Terminating         0          15s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running             0          12s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating         0          24s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          9s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating         0          22s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating         0          20s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running             0          13s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating         0          26s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   1/1     Terminating         0          17s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running             0          13s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating         0          25s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     0/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating         0          23s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating         0          21s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running             0          14s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating         0          27s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   1/1     Terminating         0          18s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running             0          14s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating         0          26s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     0/1     Running             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating         0          24s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          8s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating         0          22s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running             0          15s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating         0          28s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   1/1     Terminating         0          19s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running             0          15s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating         0          27s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     1/1     Running             0          12s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating         0          25s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     0/1     ContainerCreating   0          9s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating         0          23s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running             0          16s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating         0          29s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Terminating         0          20s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running             0          16s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating         0          28s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     1/1     Running             0          13s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating         0          26s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     0/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating         0          24s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running             0          17s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating         0          30s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          8s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Terminating         0          21s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running             0          17s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating         0          29s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     1/1     Running             0          14s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating         0          27s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     0/1     Running             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating         0          25s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running             0          18s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating         0          31s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          9s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Terminating         0          22s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running       0          18s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating   0          41s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating   0          30s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     1/1     Running       0          15s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating   0          41s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating   0          28s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     1/1     Running       0          12s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating   0          41s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating   0          26s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running       0          19s
lstm-pipeline-4-load-data-8bd9f7b8f-wtfdh      0/1     Terminating   0          41s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating   0          32s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    1/1     Running       0          10s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating   0          41s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Terminating   0          23s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running       0          19s
lstm-pipeline-1-load-data-99b86644d-hdrr9      0/1     Terminating   0          42s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating   0          31s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     1/1     Running       0          16s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating   0          42s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating   0          29s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     1/1     Running       0          13s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating   0          42s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating   0          27s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running       0          20s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating   0          33s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    1/1     Running       0          11s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating   0          42s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Terminating   0          24s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running       0          21s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating   0          33s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     1/1     Running       0          18s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating   0          44s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating   0          31s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     1/1     Running       0          15s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating   0          44s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating   0          29s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running       0          22s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating   0          35s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    1/1     Running       0          13s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating   0          44s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Terminating   0          26s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running       0          22s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating   0          34s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     1/1     Running       0          19s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating   0          45s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating   0          32s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     1/1     Running       0          16s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating   0          45s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating   0          30s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running       0          23s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating   0          36s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    1/1     Running       0          14s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating   0          45s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Terminating   0          27s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running       0          23s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating   0          35s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     1/1     Running       0          20s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating   0          46s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating   0          33s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     1/1     Running       0          17s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating   0          46s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating   0          31s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running       0          24s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating   0          37s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    1/1     Running       0          15s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating   0          46s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Terminating   0          28s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running       0          24s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating   0          36s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     1/1     Running       0          21s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating   0          47s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating   0          34s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     1/1     Running       0          18s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating   0          47s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating   0          32s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running       0          25s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating   0          38s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    1/1     Running       0          16s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating   0          47s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Terminating   0          29s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running       0          25s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating   0          37s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     1/1     Running       0          22s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating   0          48s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating   0          35s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     1/1     Running       0          19s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating   0          48s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating   0          33s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running       0          26s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating   0          39s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    1/1     Running       0          17s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating   0          48s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Terminating   0          30s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running       0          26s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating   0          38s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     1/1     Running       0          23s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating   0          49s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating   0          36s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     1/1     Running       0          20s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating   0          49s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating   0          34s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running       0          27s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating   0          40s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    1/1     Running       0          18s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating   0          49s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Terminating   0          31s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running       0          27s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating   0          39s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     1/1     Running       0          24s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating   0          50s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating   0          37s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     1/1     Running       0          21s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating   0          50s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating   0          35s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running       0          28s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating   0          41s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    1/1     Running       0          19s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating   0          50s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Terminating   0          32s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running       0          28s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating   0          40s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     1/1     Running       0          25s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating   0          51s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating   0          38s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     1/1     Running       0          22s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating   0          51s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating   0          36s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running       0          29s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating   0          42s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    1/1     Running       0          20s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating   0          51s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Terminating   0          33s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk    1/1     Running       0          29s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm   0/1     Terminating   0          41s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p     1/1     Running       0          26s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr      0/1     Terminating   0          52s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk   0/1     Terminating   0          39s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw     1/1     Running       0          23s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg     0/1     Terminating   0          52s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg    0/1     Terminating   0          37s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt    1/1     Running       0          30s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt   0/1     Terminating   0          43s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf    1/1     Running       0          21s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq     0/1     Terminating   0          52s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk   0/1     Terminating   0          34s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         1/1     Running             0          30s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm        0/1     Terminating         0          42s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          1/1     Running             0          27s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr           0/1     Terminating         0          53s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk        0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          1/1     Running             0          24s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg          0/1     Terminating         0          53s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg         0/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         1/1     Terminating         0          31s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt        0/1     Terminating         0          44s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Running             0          22s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq          0/1     Terminating         0          53s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk        0/1     Terminating         0          35s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         1/1     Running             0          31s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm        0/1     Terminating         0          43s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          1/1     Running             0          28s
lstm-pipeline-2-load-data-9d8db6df5-tvcfr           0/1     Terminating         0          54s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk        0/1     Terminating         0          41s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          1/1     Running             0          25s
lstm-pipeline-3-load-data-776b876c8b-6pjrg          0/1     Terminating         0          54s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg         0/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         1/1     Terminating         0          32s
lstm-pipeline-4-time-parser-686fd98986-c67kt        0/1     Terminating         0          45s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Running             0          23s
lstm-pipeline-5-load-data-54688bfc9b-tpllq          0/1     Terminating         0          54s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk        0/1     Terminating         0          36s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         1/1     Running             0          33s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm        0/1     Terminating         0          45s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          1/1     Running             0          30s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk        0/1     Terminating         0          43s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          1/1     Running             0          27s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg         0/1     Terminating         0          41s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         1/1     Terminating         0          34s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Running             0          25s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk        0/1     Terminating         0          38s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         1/1     Terminating         0          34s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm        0/1     Terminating         0          46s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          1/1     Running             0          31s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk        0/1     Terminating         0          44s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          1/1     Running             0          28s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg         0/1     Terminating         0          42s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         1/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Running             0          26s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk        0/1     Terminating         0          39s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         1/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm        0/1     Terminating         0          47s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          1/1     Running             0          32s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk        0/1     Terminating         0          45s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          1/1     Running             0          29s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg         0/1     Terminating         0          43s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         1/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Running             0          27s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk        0/1     Terminating         0          40s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         1/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm        0/1     Terminating         0          48s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          1/1     Running             0          33s
lstm-pipeline-2-time-parser-686c797848-wkqmk        0/1     Terminating         0          46s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          1/1     Running             0          30s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg         0/1     Terminating         0          44s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   0/1     Running             0          6s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Running             0          28s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk        0/1     Terminating         0          41s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         1/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm        0/1     Terminating         0          49s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          1/1     Terminating         0          34s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          1/1     Running             0          31s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg         0/1     Terminating         0          45s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running             0          7s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Running             0          29s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk        0/1     Terminating         0          42s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         1/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm        0/1     Terminating         0          50s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          1/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          1/1     Running             0          32s
lstm-pipeline-3-time-parser-78475bdff-s5cdg         0/1     Terminating         0          46s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running             0          8s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Running             0          30s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk        0/1     Terminating         0          43s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm        0/1     Terminating         0          51s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    0/1     Running             0          6s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          1/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          1/1     Running             0          33s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running             0          9s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Running             0          31s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk        0/1     Terminating         0          44s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm        0/1     Terminating         0          52s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    0/1     Running             0          7s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          1/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          1/1     Terminating         0          34s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          41s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Terminating         0          32s
lstm-pipeline-5-time-parser-58b75c88d7-5t9jk        0/1     Terminating         0          45s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    0/1     Pending             0          0s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating         0          41s
lstm-pipeline-1-time-parser-85dd86bc95-jwzvm        0/1     Terminating         0          53s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    0/1     Running             0          8s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          1/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          1/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          42s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Terminating         0          33s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    0/1     Pending             0          1s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating         0          42s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running             0          9s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          1/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    0/1     Running             0          5s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          1/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          43s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running             0          12s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Terminating         0          34s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    0/1     Pending             0          2s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating         0          43s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running             0          6s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          1/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          44s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running             0          13s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating         0          44s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating         0          41s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running             0          7s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          1/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          45s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running             0          14s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating         0          45s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running             0          12s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating         0          42s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running             0          8s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   0/1     Running             0          5s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          46s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running             0          15s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         1/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating         0          46s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running             0          13s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating         0          43s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running             0          9s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running             0          6s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          47s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running             0          16s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating   0          47s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running       0          14s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating   0          44s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running       0          10s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating   0          41s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running       0          7s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating   0          48s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running       0          17s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating   0          39s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    0/1     Running       0          7s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating   0          48s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running       0          15s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating   0          45s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running       0          11s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating   0          42s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running       0          8s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating   0          49s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running       0          18s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating   0          40s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    0/1     Running       0          8s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating   0          50s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running       0          17s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating   0          47s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running       0          13s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating   0          44s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running       0          10s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating   0          51s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running       0          20s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating   0          42s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    1/1     Running       0          10s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating   0          51s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running       0          18s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating   0          48s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running       0          14s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating   0          45s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running       0          11s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating   0          52s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running       0          21s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating   0          43s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    1/1     Running       0          11s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating   0          52s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running       0          19s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating   0          49s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running       0          15s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating   0          46s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running       0          12s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating   0          53s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running       0          22s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating   0          44s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    1/1     Running       0          12s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating   0          53s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running       0          20s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating   0          50s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running       0          16s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating   0          47s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running       0          13s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating   0          54s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running       0          23s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating   0          45s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    1/1     Running       0          13s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating   0          54s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running       0          21s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating   0          51s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running       0          17s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating   0          48s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running       0          14s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating   0          55s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running       0          24s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating   0          46s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    1/1     Running       0          14s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating   0          55s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running       0          22s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating   0          52s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running       0          18s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating   0          49s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running       0          15s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating   0          56s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running       0          25s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating   0          47s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    1/1     Running       0          15s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating   0          56s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running       0          23s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating   0          53s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running       0          19s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating   0          50s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running       0          16s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating   0          57s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running       0          26s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating   0          48s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    1/1     Running       0          16s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating   0          57s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running       0          24s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating   0          54s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running       0          20s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating   0          51s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running       0          17s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating   0          58s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Running       0          27s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating   0          49s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    1/1     Running       0          17s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating         0          58s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running             0          25s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating         0          55s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running             0          21s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating         0          52s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running             0          18s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          59s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Terminating         0          28s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating         0          50s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    1/1     Running             0          18s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating         0          59s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running             0          26s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating         0          56s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running             0          22s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating         0          53s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running             0          19s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          60s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Terminating         0          29s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating         0          51s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    1/1     Running             0          19s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating         0          60s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running             0          27s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating         0          57s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running             0          23s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating         0          54s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running             0          20s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          61s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Terminating         0          30s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating         0          52s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    1/1     Running             0          20s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating         0          61s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running             0          28s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating         0          58s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running             0          24s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating         0          55s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running             0          21s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          62s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   1/1     Terminating         0          31s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating         0          53s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    1/1     Running             0          21s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating         0          62s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running             0          29s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating         0          59s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running             0          25s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating         0          56s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running             0          22s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating         0          63s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   0/1     Terminating         0          32s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating         0          54s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    1/1     Running             0          22s
NAME                                                READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk         0/1     Terminating   0          63s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t    1/1     Running       0          30s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p          0/1     Terminating   0          60s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm    1/1     Running       0          26s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw          0/1     Terminating   0          57s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6   1/1     Running       0          23s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt         0/1     Terminating   0          64s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6   0/1     Terminating   0          33s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9   0/1     Running       0          5s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf         0/1     Terminating   0          55s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk    1/1     Running       0          23s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk          0/1     Terminating   0          64s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     1/1     Terminating   0          31s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Pending       0          0s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p           0/1     Terminating   0          61s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     1/1     Running       0          27s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw           0/1     Terminating   0          58s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    1/1     Running       0          24s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt          0/1     Terminating   0          65s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating   0          34s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    1/1     Running       0          6s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf          0/1     Terminating   0          56s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     1/1     Running       0          24s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-data-clean-64fc8cb9c8-6lbhk          0/1     Terminating   0          66s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     1/1     Terminating   0          33s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Pending       0          2s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p           0/1     Terminating   0          63s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     1/1     Terminating   0          29s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Pending       0          1s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw           0/1     Terminating   0          60s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    1/1     Running       0          26s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt          0/1     Terminating   0          67s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating   0          36s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    1/1     Running       0          8s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf          0/1     Terminating   0          58s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     1/1     Running       0          26s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     1/1     Terminating         0          34s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p           0/1     Terminating         0          64s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     1/1     Terminating         0          30s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Pending             0          2s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw           0/1     Terminating         0          61s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    1/1     Running             0          27s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt          0/1     Terminating         0          68s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    1/1     Running             0          9s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf          0/1     Terminating         0          59s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     1/1     Running             0          27s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     1/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p           0/1     Terminating         0          65s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     1/1     Terminating         0          31s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw           0/1     Terminating         0          62s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    1/1     Running             0          28s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt          0/1     Terminating         0          69s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    1/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf          0/1     Terminating         0          60s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     1/1     Running             0          28s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     1/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p           0/1     Terminating         0          66s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     1/1     Terminating         0          32s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw           0/1     Terminating         0          63s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    1/1     Terminating         0          29s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Pending             0          1s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt          0/1     Terminating         0          70s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    1/1     Running             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf          0/1     Terminating         0          61s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     1/1     Running             0          29s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p           0/1     Terminating         0          67s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     1/1     Terminating         0          33s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw           0/1     Terminating         0          64s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    1/1     Terminating         0          30s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Pending             0          2s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt          0/1     Terminating         0          71s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          1s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    1/1     Terminating         0          12s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf          0/1     Terminating         0          62s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     1/1     Running             0          30s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Running             0          7s
lstm-pipeline-2-data-clean-8fc5d66df-hrh9p           0/1     Terminating         0          68s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          34s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw           0/1     Terminating         0          65s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    1/1     Terminating         0          31s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Pending             0          3s
lstm-pipeline-4-data-clean-768864dccf-5qzgt          0/1     Terminating         0          72s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          41s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          2s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    1/1     Terminating         0          13s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf          0/1     Terminating         0          63s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     1/1     Running             0          31s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Running             0          8s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw           0/1     Terminating         0          66s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    1/1     Terminating         0          32s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Pending             0          4s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          42s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          3s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    1/1     Terminating         0          14s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf          0/1     Terminating         0          64s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     1/1     Terminating         0          32s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Pending             0          0s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   1/1     Running             0          9s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          8s
lstm-pipeline-3-data-clean-db7458944-2ftkw           0/1     Terminating         0          67s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    1/1     Terminating         0          33s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          43s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          4s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    1/1     Terminating         0          15s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf          0/1     Terminating         0          65s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     1/1     Terminating         0          33s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Pending             0          1s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating         0          41s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   1/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          9s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    1/1     Terminating         0          34s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          44s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          5s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    1/1     Terminating         0          16s
lstm-pipeline-5-data-clean-575c85cc66-chhgf          0/1     Terminating         0          66s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     1/1     Terminating         0          34s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating         0          42s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   1/1     Running             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    1/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          45s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          6s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    1/1     Terminating         0          17s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     1/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating         0          43s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   1/1     Running             0          12s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   1/1     Running             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     ContainerCreating   0          8s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          46s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          7s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating         0          18s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     1/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          4s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating         0          44s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         0/1     Pending             0          0s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   1/1     Terminating         0          13s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   1/1     Running             0          12s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Running             0          9s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          47s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          8s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating         0          19s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating         0          45s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   1/1     Terminating         0          14s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          41s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   1/1     Running             0          13s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    1/1     Running             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          48s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          9s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating         0          20s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating         0          46s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   1/1     Terminating         0          15s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          42s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   1/1     Running             0          14s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    1/1     Running             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          49s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          10s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating         0          21s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating         0          39s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          7s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating         0          47s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   1/1     Terminating         0          16s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          43s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   1/1     Running             0          15s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    1/1     Running             0          12s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          50s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating         0          22s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   1/1     Running             0          8s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating         0          49s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          5s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   1/1     Terminating         0          18s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          45s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Pending             0          1s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   1/1     Terminating         0          17s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating         0          42s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    1/1     Running             0          14s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          52s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          13s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating         0          24s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating         0          42s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   1/1     Running             0          10s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating         0          50s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          6s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating         0          19s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          46s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Pending             0          2s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   1/1     Terminating         0          18s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating         0          43s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending             0          1s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    1/1     Terminating         0          15s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating         0          53s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          14s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating         0          25s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating         0          43s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   1/1     Running             0          11s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating   0          51s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         0/1     Running       0          7s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          20s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating   0          47s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Pending       0          3s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   1/1     Terminating   0          19s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          44s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          2s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    1/1     Terminating   0          16s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating   0          54s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          15s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          26s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          44s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   1/1     Running       0          12s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating   0          52s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         0/1     Running       0          8s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          21s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating   0          48s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Pending       0          4s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   1/1     Terminating   0          20s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          45s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          3s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    1/1     Terminating   0          17s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating   0          55s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          16s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          27s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          45s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   1/1     Running       0          13s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating   0          53s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          9s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          22s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating   0          49s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Pending       0          5s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          21s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          46s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          4s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    1/1     Terminating   0          18s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating   0          56s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          17s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          28s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          46s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          1s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   1/1     Terminating   0          14s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating   0          54s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          10s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          23s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating   0          50s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Pending       0          6s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          22s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          47s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          5s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    1/1     Terminating   0          19s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating   0          57s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          18s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          29s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          47s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          2s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   1/1     Terminating   0          15s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating   0          55s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          11s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          24s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating   0          51s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Pending       0          7s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          23s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          48s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          6s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          20s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating   0          58s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          19s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          30s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          48s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          3s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   1/1     Terminating   0          16s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating   0          56s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          12s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          25s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating   0          52s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Pending       0          8s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          24s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          49s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          7s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          21s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-data-build-5f858998d9-bpnl6    0/1     Terminating   0          59s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          20s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          31s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          49s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          4s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   1/1     Terminating   0          17s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating   0          57s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          13s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          26s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating   0          53s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Pending       0          9s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          25s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          50s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          8s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          22s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          21s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          32s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          50s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          5s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   1/1     Terminating   0          18s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating   0          58s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          14s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          27s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating   0          54s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Pending       0          10s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          26s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          51s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          9s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          23s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          22s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          33s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          51s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          6s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          19s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating   0          59s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          15s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          28s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating   0          55s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Pending       0          11s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          27s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          52s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          10s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          24s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          23s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          34s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          52s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          7s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          20s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating   0          60s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          16s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          29s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating   0          56s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Pending       0          12s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          28s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          53s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          11s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          25s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          24s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          35s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          53s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          8s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          21s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating   0          61s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          17s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          30s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating   0          57s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Pending       0          13s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          29s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          54s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          12s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          26s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          25s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          36s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          54s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          9s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          22s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-data-build-9f47bbfdd-fr25t     0/1     Terminating   0          62s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          18s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          31s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating   0          58s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Pending       0          14s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          30s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          55s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          13s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          27s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          26s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          37s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          55s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          10s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          23s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running             0          19s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating         0          32s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          59s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          15s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating         0          31s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating         0          56s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending             0          14s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating         0          28s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          27s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating         0          38s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating         0          56s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending             0          11s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating         0          24s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running             0          21s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating         0          34s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          61s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          17s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating         0          33s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating         0          58s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending             0          16s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating         0          30s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          29s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating         0          40s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating         0          58s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending             0          13s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating         0          26s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running             0          22s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          62s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          18s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating         0          34s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating         0          59s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending             0          17s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating         0          31s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          30s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating         0          41s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating         0          59s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending             0          14s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating         0          27s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running             0          23s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          63s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          19s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating         0          35s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating         0          60s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending             0          18s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating         0          32s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          31s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating         0          42s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating         0          60s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending             0          15s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating         0          28s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running             0          24s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating         0          37s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-data-build-f5c8c7c5c-8xfmm     0/1     Terminating         0          64s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          20s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating         0          36s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating         0          61s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending             0          19s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating         0          33s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending             0          32s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating         0          43s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating         0          61s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending             0          16s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating         0          29s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          25s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          38s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Running       0          21s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          37s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          62s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          20s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          34s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          33s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          44s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          62s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          17s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          30s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          26s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          39s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         0/1     Running       0          22s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          38s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          63s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          21s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          35s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          34s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          45s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          63s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          18s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          31s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          27s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          40s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running       0          23s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          39s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          64s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          22s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          36s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          35s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          46s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          64s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          19s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          32s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          28s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          41s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running       0          24s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          40s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          65s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          23s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          37s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          36s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          47s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          65s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          20s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          33s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          29s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          42s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running       0          25s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          41s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          66s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          24s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          38s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          37s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          48s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          66s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          21s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          34s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          30s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          43s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running       0          26s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          42s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          67s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          25s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          39s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          38s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          49s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          67s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          22s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          35s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          31s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          44s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running       0          27s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          43s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          68s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          26s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          40s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          39s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          50s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          68s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          23s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          36s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          32s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          45s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running       0          28s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          44s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          69s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          27s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          41s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          40s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          51s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          69s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          24s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          37s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          33s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          46s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running       0          29s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          45s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          70s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          28s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          42s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          41s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          52s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          70s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          25s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          38s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          34s
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-build-59bdf68f98-jpm6t   0/1     Terminating   0          47s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running       0          30s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating   0          46s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-data-build-7f7fc54d5d-pncw6    0/1     Terminating   0          71s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          29s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          43s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Pending       0          42s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-build-5c865685c-rvsg9    0/1     Terminating   0          53s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-data-build-5ccf44c96-kc8bk     0/1     Terminating   0          71s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          26s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          39s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running             0          35s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running             0          31s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating         0          47s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending             0          30s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating         0          44s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          43s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending             0          27s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating         0          40s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running             0          37s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running             0          33s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-build-766dd9575c-gns84   0/1     Terminating         0          49s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending             0          32s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating         0          46s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          45s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending             0          29s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating         0          42s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running             0          38s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running             0          34s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending             0          33s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating         0          47s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          46s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending             0          30s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating         0          43s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running             0          39s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running             0          35s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending             0          34s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating         0          48s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          47s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending             0          31s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating         0          44s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          40s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running       0          36s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          35s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          49s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Running       0          48s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          32s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          45s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          41s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running       0          37s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          36s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          50s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         0/1     Running       0          49s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          33s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          46s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          42s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running       0          38s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          37s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          51s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         1/1     Running       0          50s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          34s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          47s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Running       0          43s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running       0          39s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          38s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          52s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         1/1     Running       0          51s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          35s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          48s
NAME                                                 READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc         1/1     Terminating   0          44s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8         1/1     Running       0          40s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr         0/1     Pending       0          39s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-build-978df6bfd-xwfg9    0/1     Terminating   0          53s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt         1/1     Running       0          52s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm         0/1     Pending       0          36s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-build-7d99bfcd76-rn2lj   0/1     Terminating   0          49s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   1/1     Terminating   0          45s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          41s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          40s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          53s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          37s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   1/1     Terminating   0          46s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          42s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          41s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          54s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          38s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   1/1     Terminating   0          47s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          43s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          42s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          55s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          39s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   1/1     Terminating   0          48s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          44s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          43s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          56s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          40s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   1/1     Terminating   0          49s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          45s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          44s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          57s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          41s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          50s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          46s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          45s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          58s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          42s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          51s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          47s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          46s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          59s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          43s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          53s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          49s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          48s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          61s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          45s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          54s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          50s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          49s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          62s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          46s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          55s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          51s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          50s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          63s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          47s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          56s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          52s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          51s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          64s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          48s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          57s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          53s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          52s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          65s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          49s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          58s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          54s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          53s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          66s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          50s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          59s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          55s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          54s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          67s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          51s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          60s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          56s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          55s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          68s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          52s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          61s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          57s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          56s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          69s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          53s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          62s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          58s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          57s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          70s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          54s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          63s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          59s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          58s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          71s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          55s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          64s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          60s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          59s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          72s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          56s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          65s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          61s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          60s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          73s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          57s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          66s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          62s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          61s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          74s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          58s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          67s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          63s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          62s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          75s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          59s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          68s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          64s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          63s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          76s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          60s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          70s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          66s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          65s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          78s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          62s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          71s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          67s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          66s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          79s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          63s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          72s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          68s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          67s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          80s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          64s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          73s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          69s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          68s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          81s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          65s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          74s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          70s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          69s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          82s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          66s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          75s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          71s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          70s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          83s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          67s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          76s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          72s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          71s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          84s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          68s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          77s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          73s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          72s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          85s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          69s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          78s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          74s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          73s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          86s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          70s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          79s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          75s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          74s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          87s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          71s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          80s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          76s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          75s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          88s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          72s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          81s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          77s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          76s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          89s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          73s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          82s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          78s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          77s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          90s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          74s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          83s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Running       0          79s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          78s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          91s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          75s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-1-train-model-674bc77cd8-npssc   0/1     Terminating   0          84s
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Terminating   0          80s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Pending       0          79s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          92s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          76s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Terminating         0          81s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          80s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running             0          93s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending             0          77s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Terminating         0          83s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          82s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running             0          95s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending             0          79s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   1/1     Terminating         0          84s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          83s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running             0          96s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending             0          80s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating         0          85s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          84s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running             0          97s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending             0          81s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          86s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Running       0          85s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          98s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          82s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          87s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Running       0          86s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          99s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          83s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          88s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          87s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          100s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          84s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          89s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          88s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          101s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          85s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          90s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          89s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          102s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          86s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          91s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          90s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          103s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          87s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          92s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          91s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          104s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          88s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          93s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          92s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          105s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          89s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          94s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          93s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          106s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          90s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          95s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          94s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          107s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          91s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          96s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          95s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          108s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          92s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          97s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          96s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          109s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          93s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          98s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          97s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          110s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          94s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          100s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          99s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          112s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          96s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          101s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          100s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          113s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          97s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          102s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          101s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          114s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          98s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          103s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          102s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          115s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          99s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          104s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          103s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          116s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          100s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          105s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          104s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          117s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          101s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          106s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          105s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          118s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          102s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          107s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          106s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          119s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          103s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          108s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          107s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          2m
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          104s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          109s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          108s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          2m1s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          105s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          110s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          109s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          2m2s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          106s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          111s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          110s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          2m3s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          107s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-2-train-model-5f89dd796f-27vz8   0/1     Terminating   0          112s
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          111s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running       0          2m4s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          108s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          112s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m5s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          109s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          113s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m6s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          110s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          114s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m7s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          111s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          116s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m9s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          113s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          117s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m10s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          114s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          118s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m11s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          115s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          119s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m12s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          116s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m13s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          117s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m1s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m14s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          118s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m2s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m15s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          119s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m3s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m16s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m4s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m17s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m1s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m5s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m18s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m2s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m6s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m19s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m3s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m7s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m20s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m4s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m8s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m21s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m5s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m9s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m22s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m6s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m10s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m23s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m7s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m11s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m24s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m8s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m12s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m25s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m9s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m14s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m27s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m11s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m15s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m28s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m12s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m16s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m29s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m13s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m17s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m30s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m14s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m18s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m31s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m15s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m19s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m32s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m16s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m20s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m33s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m17s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m21s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m34s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m18s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m22s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m35s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m19s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m23s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m36s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m20s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m24s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m37s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m21s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m25s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m38s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m22s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m26s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m39s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m23s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m27s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m40s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m24s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m28s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m41s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m25s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m29s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m42s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m26s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m31s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m44s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m28s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m32s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m45s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m29s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m33s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m46s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m30s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running   0          2m34s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Running   0          2m47s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending   0          2m31s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m35s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Terminating   0          2m48s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m32s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m36s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Terminating   0          2m49s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m33s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m37s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Terminating   0          2m50s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m34s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m38s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   1/1     Terminating   0          2m51s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m35s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m39s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          2m52s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m36s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m40s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          2m53s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m37s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m41s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          2m54s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m38s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m42s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          2m55s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m39s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m43s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          2m56s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m40s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m44s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          2m57s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m41s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m45s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          2m58s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m42s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m46s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          2m59s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m43s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m48s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m1s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m45s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m49s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m2s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m46s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m50s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m3s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m47s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m51s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m4s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m48s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m52s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m5s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m49s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m53s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m6s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m50s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m54s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m7s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m51s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m55s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m8s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m52s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m56s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m9s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m53s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Running       0          2m57s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m10s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m54s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Terminating   0          2m58s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m11s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m55s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Terminating   0          2m59s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m12s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m56s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Terminating   0          3m
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m13s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m57s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Terminating   0          3m1s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m14s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m58s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   1/1     Terminating   0          3m2s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m15s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          2m59s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m3s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m16s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          3m
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m5s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m18s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          3m2s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m6s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m19s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          3m3s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m7s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m20s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          3m4s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m8s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m21s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          3m5s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m9s
lstm-pipeline-4-train-model-57fd89ffb4-9f5nt   0/1     Terminating   0          3m22s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          3m6s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m10s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          3m7s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m11s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          3m8s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m12s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          3m9s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m13s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          3m10s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m14s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Pending       0          3m11s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating         0          3m15s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3m12s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating         0          3m16s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3m13s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating         0          3m17s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3m14s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating         0          3m18s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3m15s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating         0          3m19s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3m16s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m20s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Running       0          3m17s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m21s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running       0          3m18s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m23s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running       0          3m20s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m24s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running       0          3m21s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m25s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running       0          3m22s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m26s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running       0          3m23s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m27s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running       0          3m24s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m28s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running       0          3m25s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m29s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running       0          3m26s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-3-train-model-6644ddfd75-7rzkr   0/1     Terminating   0          3m30s
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running       0          3m27s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m28s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m29s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m30s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m31s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m32s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m33s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m34s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m35s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m37s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m38s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m39s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m40s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m41s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m42s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m43s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m44s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m45s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m46s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m47s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m48s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m49s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m50s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m51s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m52s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m53s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m55s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m56s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m57s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m58s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          3m59s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m1s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m2s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m3s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m4s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m5s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m6s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m7s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m8s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m9s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m10s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m11s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m13s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m14s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m15s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m16s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m17s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m18s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m19s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m20s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m21s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m22s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m23s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m24s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m25s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m26s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m27s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m28s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m30s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m31s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m32s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m33s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m34s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m35s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m36s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m37s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m38s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m39s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m40s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m41s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m42s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m43s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m44s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m45s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m46s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m48s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m49s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m50s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m51s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m52s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m53s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m54s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m55s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m56s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m57s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m58s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          4m59s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m1s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m2s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m3s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m4s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m6s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m7s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m8s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m9s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m10s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m11s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m12s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m13s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m14s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m15s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m16s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m17s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m18s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m19s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m20s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m22s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m23s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m24s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m25s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m26s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m27s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m28s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m29s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m30s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m31s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m32s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m33s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m34s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m35s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m36s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m37s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m39s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m40s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m41s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m42s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m43s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m44s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m45s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m46s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m47s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m48s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m49s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m50s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m51s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m52s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m53s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m54s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m55s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m57s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m58s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          5m59s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m1s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m2s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m3s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m4s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m5s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m6s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m7s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m8s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m9s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m10s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m11s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m12s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m13s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m15s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m16s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m17s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m18s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m19s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m20s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m21s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Running   0          6m22s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Terminating   0          6m23s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Terminating   0          6m24s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Terminating   0          6m25s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Terminating   0          6m26s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   1/1     Terminating   0          6m27s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m28s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m29s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m30s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m31s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m33s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m34s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m35s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m36s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m37s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m38s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m39s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m40s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m41s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m42s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m43s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m44s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m45s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m46s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m47s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m48s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m50s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m51s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m52s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m53s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m54s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m55s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m56s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m57s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m58s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          6m59s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          7m
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          7m1s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          7m2s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          7m3s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          7m4s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          7m5s
NAME                                           READY   STATUS        RESTARTS   AGE
lstm-pipeline-5-train-model-5584f5fb57-967rm   0/1     Terminating   0          7m6s
